

Flashcard assignment:
What is JavaScript?
Enumerate the differences between Java and JavaScript?
What are JavaScript Data Types?
What is the use of isNaN function?
What is negative Infinity?
Which symbol is used for comments in Javascript?
Explain Hoisting in javascript.
Why do we use the word “debugger” in javascript?
Difference between “ == “ and “ === “ operators.
Difference between var and let keyword in javascript.
What are all the looping structures in JavaScript?
Given a string, reverse each word in the sentence.
How to check if an object is an array or not?
How to empty an array in JavaScript?
What is ES6 in JavaScript?
Which company developed JavaScript?
What are undeclared and undefined variables?
What are global variables? How are these variable declared?
What is a prompt box?
What is ‘this’ keyword in JavaScript?



Research Assignment:
What are the four pillars of Object-Oriented Programming? Explain each pillar.
The four pillars are Abstraction, Encapsulation, Inheritance, Polymorphism. Abstraction is a way to hide the details to avoid duplication of code but it can also increase it's usability by making it simpler and easier to reuse. Encapsulation is when longer bits of code are broken down into smaller finctions where the data can be stored and accessed as needed with out change or damage, if a process isn't needed often then it can be encapsulated in a way where it isn't accidently brought up while a more needed process runs and vise versa. Inheritance is when one object, class, function etc. aquires properties from another higher up object. It makes it so programers can create a parent which future objects can pull data from as needed so they do not need to rewrite the same attributes for multiple objects. Polymorphism is related to inheritance in how it uses previous code to preform other like tasks. The data from the parent is used for the base but then expanded to incluse more "sub-class" information. 

Resources:
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/four-pillars-of-object-oriented-programming/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27642239/what-is-polymorphism-in-javascript

What is the relationship between a Class and an Object?

What is an exception and what are best practices for handling them?
Exceptions are errors or abnormal conditions in the code which will need special techniques. It is a bug or error which causes the process to break and the code to fail. JavaScript has keywords used in this process- throw, try, catch, finally are used to 'troubleshoot' possible errors. Try allows you to try a segment of code for test for errors and catch allows you to define what happend is the try finds an error. Throw is what normally happens when an error in js occurs but can also be forced by the user and set to throw an exception. Throw can also be used with the try and catch to force an exception. The finally statement is used after the try and catch keys to force execute the code even if there is an exception or error.

https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_errors.asp

What is your favorite thing you learned this week?